Mobot | Query Agent & Knowledge Agent GA (merge Nov 26) (#5811)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/mobot-multiturn-beta.md

### Step 1: Ask your initial question  

> Use natural language to ask what you're looking for. You can start as broad as you like, or be more specific (include a data source name and any relevant fields/values).

Author: ```suggestion
Use natural language to ask what you're looking for. You can start broad when you set a goal, or more specific (i.e., specifying the data source and any related fields or values).
```
